-design a suitable logo
-select a colour scheme
-colour schemes should be used consistently
-avoid letting the user make unnecessary click through options

staff roles
sales assistant
manager

Sales Assistant (access to view customer records, view all orders,  make orders for a customer, register a customers details (customers do not login – they are just listed in the same way stock is listed) , view stock, update stock)
Manager all functionality of Sales Assistant plus:
Adding new stock for sale

These next features are a “nice to have” rather than essential priority:
Manager should also be able to create new staff users and edit existing 
(i.e. change details and / or role).
Manager can access / run any reports if functionality is present for these

Staff should be allowed to edit a customer’s details on their behalf.  

-no stock ordering system
however When stock arrives we do need staff to have the ability to update 
stock counts for these products.

– it would also be nice to see some kind of multi-factor authentication.
       Something like an SMS or Email to double authenticate login is industry standard.
We have provided a sample order form for assistance
In addition, we expect you to utilise common sense / common development approaches.  We are open to solutions.
In terms of stock we expect a minimum of:
ProductID, product name, category, price, stock level and any other relevant (image if possible)
Customer: Email + standard user attributes
Staff: StaffID, password + standard user attributes + role, salary, dateHired

Order: OrderId, CustomerEmail, Order Date, Order Total + any other relevant
OrderLines should also be stored with standard attributes

These are mainly references to how our old (inefficient) system operated.
In the new application - Customers should automatically be enrolled as “members” when making a purchase if they haven’t already been registered.  For security – all customers who shop at Big Vision must be registered.  We do not allow anonymous purchases.

Customers will have an email address (unique) and a membership Id (also unique).    Please treat references of Customer Id and Membership ID as one and the same

However we would like managers to be able to run reports if possible.  The formats we would accept are PDF, Excel, word, Any other valid.  Your choice.

Reports we would like are:

All orders for a day
All stock that has less than 20 stock count
All orders for a customer


The minimum we require is a “simulated” payment system during the initial release of the software - where a form is displayed when a user selects to make their payment which provides the opportunity to input bank card, expiry, account name and ccv number in order to make the order as paid.

Ideally, if possible, we would prefer the system to link into one of the many payment gateway options out there such as Stripe, Paypal or any other relevant vendor
But if there are issues with this then please make sure the minimum is achieved



